# Doctrine RelationShip


1. Add relation
```bash
php bin/console make:entity Recipe

 Your entity already exists! So let's add some new fields!

 New property name (press <return> to stop adding fields):
 > category

 Field type (enter ? to see all types) [string]:
 > relation

 What class should this entity be related to?:
 > Category

What type of relationship is this?
 ------------ ----------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  Type         Description                                                            
 ------------ ----------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  ManyToOne    Each Recipe relates to (has) one Category.                             
               Each Category can relate to (can have) many Recipe objects.            
                                                                                      
  OneToMany    Each Recipe can relate to (can have) many Category objects.            
               Each Category relates to (has) one Recipe.                             
                                                                                      
  ManyToMany   Each Recipe can relate to (can have) many Category objects.            
               Each Category can also relate to (can also have) many Recipe objects.  
                                                                                      
  OneToOne     Each Recipe relates to (has) exactly one Category.                     
               Each Category also relates to (has) exactly one Recipe.                
 ------------ ----------------------------------------------------------------------- 

 Relation type? [ManyToOne, OneToMany, ManyToMany, OneToOne]:
 > ManyToOne

 Is the Recipe.category property allowed to be null (nullable)? (yes/no) [yes]:
 > 

 Do you want to add a new property to Category so that you can access/update Recipe objects from it - e.g. $category->getRecipes()? (yes/no) [yes]:
 > 

 A new property will also be added to the Category class so that you can access the related Recipe objects from it.

 New field name inside Category [recipes]:
 > 

 updated: src/Entity/Recipe.php
 updated: src/Entity/Category.php

 Add another property? Enter the property name (or press <return> to stop adding fields):
 > 


           
Success! 
           

Next: When you're ready, create a migration with php bin/console make:migration

created: migrations/Version20240317063550.php
        
Success! 
           
Review the new migration then run it with php bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate
See https://symfony.com/doc/current/bundles/DoctrineMigrationsBundle/index.html

WARNING! You are about to execute a migration in database "symfony_recipes" that could result in schema changes and data loss. Are you sure you wish to continue? (yes/no) [yes]:
> 

[notice] Migrating up to DoctrineMigrations\Version20240317063550
[notice] finished in 498.9ms, used 22M memory, 1 migrations executed, 3 sql queries
                                                                                                                        
[OK] Successfully migrated to version: DoctrineMigrations\Version20240317063550                                        
                                                                                                                        
``